
https://pci.jotform.com/form/260085540794158



https://www.32auctions.com/RW2026

It’s time for the annual Raider Athletic Booster Club Red & White Fundraiser, Saturday, Feb 21st  I 

Raider Athletic Booster Club Red & White Fundraiser STARTS NOW!!!
Meet us at J&B’s Blue Ribbon Taproom!

The Red & White is the Booster Club’s largest fundraiser of the year. Last year, we raised almost $20,000 for the athletic programs at Tosa East. Partnering together with Tosa East Athletics Parents, we hope to create a fun and profitable event for our programs.

As parents, you play a critical role in supporting the Raider Athletic Booster Club and your child’s sport at Tosa East.  Helping support the Red and White is a big, if not the biggest, way to help as it is our largest fundraiser.  We would love for you to join us on February 21st at J&B’s Blue Ribbon Taproom from 7 - 11pm for a great night!



As parents, you play a critical role in supporting the Raider Athletic Booster Club and your child’s sport at Tosa East.  Helping support the Red and White is a big way to help as it is our largest fundraiser.  We would love for you to join us on February 21 and we have other ways for you to contribute.  Please see below!


The annual Raider Athletic Booster Club Red & White Fundraiser is TONIGHT!

It’s time for the annual Raider Athletic Booster Club Red & White Fundraiser! Please join us for great night supporting Tosa East Athletics and celebrating all the successes we've had all year!

GET YOUR TICKETS TODAY!
    • Tickets prices will increase $5 at the door
    • Tickets include 2 drink tickets and light snacks
    • Scan the QR Code or visit the link below to purchase your tickets:

https://pci.jotform.com/form/260085540794158


As parents, you play a critical role in supporting the Tosa East Raider Athletic Booster Club and your child’s sport at Tosa East.  As it is our largest fundraiser, helping support the Red and White is a big, if not the biggest, way to help make sure our programs are well-funded and the kids have everything they need for a winning experience.

We would love for you to join us on February 21st at J&B’s Blue Ribbon Taproom from 7 - 11pm for a great night supporting our student athletes!

"The Raider Rally team competition open on our auction website. 
The Raider Rally starts TODAY at 5:00! Teams will get a live-link via email, donations will be counted toward your team’s participation percentage, so every donation helps move your team closer to the win. Rally your team parents, spread the word and get in the game — Raider Rally is on!"




GET YOUR TICKETS TODAY!
    • Tickets prices will increase $5 at the door
    • Tickets include 2 drink tickets and light snacks
    • To get your tickets, scan the QR Code or visit the link below:

https://pci.jotform.com/form/260085540794158

IT'S ALMOST AUCTION TIME!

Here’s a sneak peek at some of the auction items up for grabs. The online auction opens this Friday, and you don’t need to be present to bid. Get ready!